
 
Chapter 6 
Trade in Services 
 
Article 50 
Trade in Services 
 
1.  Each Party shall endeavour to, in accordance with its 
laws, regulations and policies, take further steps towards 
the expansion of trade in services among or between the 
Parties consistent with GATS. 
  
2.  The Parties shall, with the participation of Japan and 
all ASEAN Member States, continue to discuss and negotiate 
provisions for trade in services with a view to exploring 
measures towards further liberalisation and facilitation of 
trade in services among Japan and ASEAN Member States and 
to enhance cooperation in order to improve the efficiency 
and competitiveness of services and service suppliers of 
Japan and the ASEAN Member States.  For this purpose, a 
Sub-Committee on Trade in Services, which shall be composed 
of representatives of the Governments of Japan and all 
ASEAN Member States, shall be established in accordance 
with Article 11 within one (1) year from the date of entry 
into force of this Agreement pursuant to paragraph 1 of 
Article 79. 
 
3.  The results of the negotiations referred to in 
paragraph 2, if any, shall be incorporated into this 
Chapter in accordance with Article 77. 
 
Chapter 7 
Investment 
 
Article 51 
Investment 
 
1.  Each Party shall endeavour to, in accordance with its 
laws, regulations and policies, create and maintain 
favourable and transparent conditions in the Party for 
investments of investors of the other Parties.  
 
2.  The Parties shall, with the participation of Japan and 
all ASEAN Member States, continue to discuss and negotiate 
provisions for investment, with a view to improving the 
efficiency and competitiveness of the investment 
environment of Japan and ASEAN Member States through 
progressive liberalisation, promotion, facilitation and 
protection of investment.  For this purpose, a Sub-
Committee on Investment, which shall be composed of the 
representatives of the Governments of Japan and all ASEAN 
Member States, shall be established in accordance with 
Article 11 within one (1) year from the date of entry into 
force of this Agreement pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article 
79. 
 
3.  The results of the negotiations referred to in 
paragraph 2, if any, shall be incorporated into this 
Chapter in accordance with Article 77. 
 